[Doc] Add documentation for .replication-metadata-index for cross-cluster-replication. (#6082)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/replication-plugin/getting-started.md

  }]
}
```

> ### `.replication-metadata-store index`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `.replication-metadata-store` index
```

> 1. `.replication-metadata-store` index serves as a persistent store for replication-related metadata and auto-follow rules within a cluster. It stores the replication metadata of each index getting replicated from the leader  to follower opensearch cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.replication-metadata-store` index is a persistent data store for replication-related metadata and auto-follow rules inside of a cluster. It stores the replication metadata of each index getting replicated from the leading cluster to the follower cluster.
```

> 2. The index is created in the follower cluster upon the initiation of the first replication API trigger. Any updation/addition in the replication jobs/rules also get updated in the index. This enables the plugin to maintain a comprehensive record of replication status and rules across clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the first replication API trigger, the `.replication-metadata-store` index is created inside the follower cluster. Any update or addition to replication jobs or rules also get updated in the index. This enables the plugin to maintain a comprehensive record of replication status and rules across clusters.
```

>    Note: `.replication-metdata-store` is marked as a hidden index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `.replication-metdata-store` is a hidden index.
 {: .note}
```

Reviewer: @skumarp7: Could you clarify the implications of this note? Do users need to unhide the index in order for it to be created during cluster replication?

Author: Hi @Naarcha-AWS , There is no such implications, its just a hidden index. so users cannot view it when they use normal query to list the indices.

Reviewer 2: Yes, the index is a hidden system index which the users will not be able to query and is solely used by cross cluster replication plugin.

  }]
}
```
### `.replication-metadata-store` index

> The `.replication-metadata-store` index is a persistent data store for replication-related metadata and auto-follow rules inside of a cluster. It stores the replication metadata of each index getting replicated from the leading cluster to the follower cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `.replication-metadata-store` index is a persistent data store for replication-related metadata and auto-follow rules inside of a cluster. It stores the replication metadata of each index being replicated from the leader cluster to the follower cluster.
```

> After the first replication API trigger, the `.replication-metadata-store` index is created inside the follower cluster. Any update or addition to replication jobs or rules also get updated in the index. This enables the plugin to maintain a comprehensive record of replication status and rules across clusters.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After the first replication API trigger, the `.replication-metadata-store` index is created inside the follower cluster. Any updates or additions to replication jobs or rules are also updated in the index. This enables the plugin to maintain a comprehensive record of replication status and rules across clusters.
```
